

===== PAGE 1 =====
Multi-View Video Semantic Communication
Yuanhang Ren, Lei Teng, Zhicheng Bao, Senran Fan, Chen Dong*, Xiaodong Xu, Lin Li, Zelong Li
Abstract—In the 6G era, the demand for higher-quality wire-
less video transmission with lower communication resources is
increasing. For example, multi-view video transmission faces
significant technical challenges due to high bandwidth con-
sumption and complex channel environments. To address these
issues, this paper proposes an innovative Multi-View Video
Semantic Communication (MVSC) framework. By employing
a hierarchical semantic encoding mechanism, MVSC leverages
the commonality among multi-view videos and integrates joint
source-channel coding techniques to achieve efficient data
compression and robust transmission. Specifically, the system
utilizes individual encoders to extract single-frame features and
a spatio-temporal commonality encoder to fuse shared spatio-
temporal features across multiple views, substantially reduc-
ing information redundancy. Experimental results demonstrate
that, under A WGN channels, MVSC outperforms conventional
video communication methods in terms of PSNR and MS-SSIM
metrics, particularly in bandwidth-constrained and low SNR
scenarios. This study provides an efficient and robust solution
for multi-view video transmission.
Index Terms—Semantic communication, Multi-view video
transmission, Swin Transformer, Joint source-channel coding.
I. I NTRODUCTION
In the 6G era, the demand for higher wireless video
transmission quality with lower communication resources
has increased, particularly in scenarios requiring high data
rates and transmission quality, such as multi-view sports
broadcasting, virtual reality, or panoramic video. In tradi-
tional communication systems, the physical layer transmis-
sion capacity is struggling to keep up with the growing
data volume demands, thus facing significant challenges in
achieving further performance improvements. Meanwhile,
lossless communication architectures based on entropy-based
source coding and channel coding are prone to the cliff effect
under adverse channel conditions, where the receiver fails to
effectively recover signals from noise when channel quality
deteriorates beyond a certain threshold. These challenges
underscore the urgent need for an emerging communication
Yuanhang Ren, Lei Teng, Zhicheng Bao, Senran Fan, Xiaodong
Xu are with the State Key Laboratory of Networking and Switch-
ing Technology, Beijing University of Posts and Telecommunications,
Beijing, 100876, China. (E-mail: ryh@bupt.edu.cn; tenglei@bupt.edu.cn;
zhicheng bao@bupt.edu.cn; FSR@bupt.edu.cn; xuxiaodong@bupt.edu.cn;)
*Chen Dong is the corresponding author and with the State Key
Laboratory of Networking and Switching Technology, Beijing Univer-
sity of Posts and Telecommunications, Beijing, 100876, China. (E-mail:
dongchen@bupt.edu.cn)
Lin Li is with the MIGU Co.,Ltd, BeiJing, China, and also with the Migu
Meland Co.,Ltd (e-mail: lilin@migu.cn).
Zelong Li is with the University of Amsterdam, Amsterdam, Netherlands
(e-mail: loong.li2@student.uva.nl)
This work is supported by the National Key R&D Program of China under
Grant 2022YFB2902100. This work is supported by the Project Research
on Video Semantic Transmission Technology Based on Source Channel
Joint Coding, MIGU BUPT Joint Laboratory for Next-Generation Network
Video Transmission and Digital Space Interoperability (Project Number:
R24115SE).
technology that combines high robustness and efficiency
within limited bandwidth.
For multi-view video transmission, current technologies
lack efficient collaborative compression and transmission
mechanisms, failing to exploit the inherent correlations
among multi-view video information [1]. This results in low
compression efficiency and large bandwidth consumption.
Consequently, there is an urgent need to develop more
advanced multi-view video transmission systems to optimize
the utilization of commonalities among multi-view video
data, reduce bandwidth usage, and enhance transmission
efficiency [2].
Semantic communication represents an effective approach
to addressing this issue. Unlike traditional error-free bit
transmission, semantic communication does not treat all
information bits equally. Instead, it achieves efficient com-
munication by extracting, transmitting, and reconstructing
the semantics of the source data. To further enhance the
noise resilience of semantic communication, works in lit-
erature [3] proposed joint source-channel coding (JSCC),
which integrates source and channel processing. Works in
literature [4] and [5] applied JSCC to the visual domain,
where source data is directly encoded into continuous-valued
symbols using convolutional neural networks (CNN). By
incorporating channel simulation models to introduce noise
during training, these methods overcome the cliff effect and
improve communication system performance.
With the advancement of semantic communication, in-
creasing research has emerged across various source types,
including text, speech , images [6] [7], videos [8]–[10],
VR [11], and 3D point clouds [12]. Within the domain of
video semantic communication, works in [13] developed a
deep joint source-channel coding method based on traditional
motion estimation and motion compensation frameworks,
enabling end-to-end video transmission over wireless chan-
nels. Works in [14] proposed a novel approach for efficient
and controllable video data transmission over noisy wireless
channels, introducing a model partitioning strategy to extract
shared semantic features between video frames, combined
with a semantic importance coding mechanism, to enhance
noise resilience while maintaining reconstruction quality.
Works in [15] designed an image semantic communication
system based on the Swin Transformer, which exhibits sig-
nificant advantages in image reconstruction quality compared
to traditional CNN architectures.
However, current research on semantic communication has
not yet addressed multi-view video scenarios. To meet the
demand for efficiency and robustness in multi-view video
transmission under 6G scenarios, this paper proposes a multi-
view video semantic communication framework based on the
3D Swin Transformer. By exploiting semantic correlations
between views and video frames, the framework optimizes
2025 IEEE/CIC International Conference on Communications in China (ICCC Workshops)
978-1-6654-7801-4/25/$31.00 ©2025 IEEE
2025 IEEE/CIC International Conference on Communications in China (ICCC Workshops) | 978-1-6654-7801-4/25/$31.00 ©2025 IEEE | DOI: 10.1109/ICCCWorkshops67136.2025.11148118
Authorized licensed use limited to: BEIJING UNIVERSITY OF POST AND TELECOM. Downloaded on October 30,2025 at 06:19:50 UTC from IEEE Xplore.  Restrictions apply. 

===== PAGE 2 =====
Fig. 1. The MVSC framework for multi-view video transmission. Individual Encoders extract semantic features from each video frame, Spatiotemporal
Commonality Encoder fuses these features across views and time. This hierarchical approach efficiently captures spatial, temporal, and inter-view correlations
for improved transmission quality.
compression efficiency and transmission stability, providing
an effective solution for multi-view video transmission.
The main contributions of this paper are as follows:
(1) MVSC framework based on the 3D Swin Transformer
is proposed. Integrating multi-view video transmission with
semantic communication. By performing unified semantic
information extraction, transmission, and reconstruction for
multi-view videos, the framework fully exploits the correla-
tions among multi-view videos, reducing information redun-
dancy and enhancing transmission efficiency. Additionally,
joint source-channel coding techniques are incorporated to
improve the system’s noise resilience, demonstrating robust
performance under low Signal-to-Noise Ratio (SNR) and
bandwidth-constrained conditions, making it suitable for 6G
network communication scenarios.
(2) A hierarchical semantic codec model based on win-
dowed self-attention is designed. This model achieves lay-
ered semantic feature extraction, fusion, and reconstruction
through individual codecs and a spatio-temporal commonal-
ity codec. The individual codec employs a 2D Swin Trans-
former to perform semantic compression on each frame,
generating compact feature representations and enabling
frame-level reconstruction. The spatio-temporal commonality
codec, utilizing a 3D Swin Transformer, captures shared se-
mantic features across frames in the spatio-temporal domain,
enabling multi-frame feature fusion, further compression,
and cross-frame reconstruction. By adopting a hierarchical
strategy of local compression followed by global processing,
the model effectively understands and extracts semantic
features of multi-view videos in both temporal and spatial
dimensions, while leveraging the codec architecture to en-
hance compression efficiency and reconstruction quality.
(3) Experiments evaluate the performance of MVSC under
varying SNR and channel bandwidth ratio (CBR) conditions,
demonstrating significant advantages over traditional multi-
view video communication methods in terms of peak signal-
to-noise ratio (PSNR) and multi-scale structural similarity
(MS-SSIM) metrics.
The remainder of the paper is organized as follows.
Section II introduces the overall system model and the
proposed methodology. Section III elaborates on the network
architecture and corresponding algorithms. The experimental
results are presented in Section IV , and Section V concludes
the paper.
II. S YSTEM ARCHITECTURE
This section elaborates on the framework and theoretical
model of the multi-view video semantic communication
system. The MVSC framework, leveraging the hierarchical
window-based self-attention mechanism of the 3D Swin
Transformer, adopts a JSCC approach to optimize bandwidth
utilization and reconstruction quality. The system comprises
individual encoders, a spatio-temporal commonality encoder,
a JSCC encoder, a channel model, a JSCC decoder, a spatio-
temporal commonality decoder, and individual decoders.
Through a staged semantic encoding mechanism, it enables
cross-view semantic feature processing to meet the demands
of high-quality multi-view video transmission. Fig. 1 illus-
trates the overall system framework.
Consider a multi-view video source X, where each element
xvt ∈ RH×W ×C represents the frame of the v-th view at the
t-th time step, with v = 1, 2, . . . , V denoting the number of
views and t = 1, 2, . . . , T denoting the number of time steps.
Here, H, W and C represent the height, width, and number
of channels of the multi-view video frames, respectively. The
source information can be expressed in matrix form as:
X =



x11 x12 · · · x1T
x21 x22 · · · x2T
...
xV 1
...
xV 2
...
. . .
...
xV T



, (1)
2025 IEEE/CIC International Conference on Communications in China (ICCC Workshops)
Authorized licensed use limited to: BEIJING UNIVERSITY OF POST AND TELECOM. Downloaded on October 30,2025 at 06:19:50 UTC from IEEE Xplore.  Restrictions apply. 

===== PAGE 3 =====
where each row of X represents the frame set of a single
view across different time steps, and each column represents
the frame set of V views at the same time step t.
For efficient processing, the source sequence is divided
into Groups of Pictures (GOP), denoted as Xg. Each GOP
contains Vg views, with each view comprising Tg consecutive
and synchronized frames, resulting in a total of Vg·Tg frames.
The input shape of Xg is [B, C, Vg, Tg, H, W ], where B
represents the batch size.
The proposed MVSC system takes the GOP Xg as input
and converts it into a compact semantic feature represen-
tation Sg through an encoder based on Swin Transformer,
which is divided into a personality encoder and a spatio-
temporal commonality encoder. Specifically, the personality
encoder adopts a traditional 2D Swin Transformer for image
processing to perform semantic compression on the video
frame xv,t in each GOP, where v = 1, 2, . . . , Vg is the view
index in the GOP, and t = 1, 2, . . . , Tg is the frame index
of a single view in the GOP. The personality features Lg
generated by the personality encoder are expressed as:
Lg =

L1,1, L1,2, . . . , LVg,Tg
	
, (2)
where Lv,t ∈ RH ′×W ′×C′
, H ′ = H/2l, W ′ = W/2l, and
l is the number of encoder layers. The personality features
gradually reduce the spatial resolution through block em-
bedding and 2D window self-attention mechanism to extract
high-level semantic information. Subsequently, the spatio-
temporal commonality encoder uses 3D Swin Transformer
to process the spliced personality features Lg to generate
global features Sg. The 3D Swin Transformer extends the
traditional 2D Swin Transformer for image processing to
three-dimensional space by introducing the processing of
time and view dimensions. The difference is that the 2D
version only applies window self-attention on a single frame
image, while the 3D version applies three-dimensional win-
dow self-attention among multiple frames, thereby capturing
inter-frame correlation and multi-view correlation.
The encoded Sg is transmitted through a wireless channel
with the transfer function W(·; P), where P denotes the
channel parameters. The received symbols ˆSg are expressed
as:
ˆSg = W(Sg; P), (3)
ˆSg contains noise interference. The receiver reconstructs
ˆSg into ˆXg through a personality decoder and a spatio-
temporal commonality decoder. The goal is to minimize the
reconstruction distortion Dn while optimizing the bandwidth
efficiency, which can be expressed as:
Dn = MSE(Xg, ˆXg). (4)
The system employs JSCC, optimizing the encoder and de-
coder through end-to-end training to adapt to different SNR
and bandwidth constraints, achieving robust reconstruction
under low SNR and bandwidth-limited conditions.
III. M ODEL DESIGN
This section elaborates on the proposed MVSC frame-
work, which leverages Swin Transformer and a hierarchical
semantic coding mechanism to enable efficient multi-view
video transmission. The MVSC framework optimizes multi-
view video communication performance in 6G networks
through hierarchical semantic feature extraction and JSCC.
The overall process of the MVSC framework is shown
in Fig. 2(a). The input is the GOP Xg with the shape of
[H, W, 3, T, V ], where T represents the number of single-
view frames in a GOP and V denotes the number of views
in the GOP. Fig. 2(b) illustrates the detailed architecture
of 2D and 3D Swin Transformer Block, and Fig. 2(c)-(d)
present the self-attention mechanism architectures of 2D and
3D Swin Transformer Block.
A. Transmitter
1) Individual Encoder: It performs semantic compression
on each view frame xn,v to generate individual features
Ln,v. Based on 2D Swin Transformer, this encoder ex-
tracts semantic features of each frame through window
self-attention mechanism. An Individual Semantic Encoder
consists of 3 layers of Patch Processing modules and 2D
Swin Transformer Blocks. The first layer’s Patch Processing
is a Patch Embedding module, which splits the input image
into non-overlapping patches and projects them into a higher-
dimensional feature space, while the remaining two layers
employ Patch Merging modules, which reduce the spatial res-
olution of features and aggregate local information through
concatenation and linear projection. Each layer changes the
frame size, reducing H and W to 1/2 of the original,
with the output shape of [H/2, W/2, C1, T, V ]. For one
GOP, after three-layer processing, the Individual Semantic
Encoder generates individual features Lg with the shape of
[H/8, W/8, C′, T, V ].
2) Spatio-Temporal Commonality Encoder: This module
processes the concatenated individual features Lg using
3D Swin Transformer. It captures temporal and inter-view
correlations through a 3D window self-attention mechanism,
generating spatio-temporal commonality features Sg. The
Spatio-Temporal Commonality Encoder consists of three lay-
ers of Patch Processing modules and 3D Swin Transformer
Blocks. The Patch Processing modules also consists of one
Patch Embedding module and two Patch Merging modules.
But unlike the Individual Semantic Encoder, each layer
modifies the number of video frames T . After three layers
of processing, the Spatio-Temporal Commonality Encoder
produces spatio-temporal commonality features Sg with the
shape [H/8, W/8, C′′, T ′, V ].
3) JSCC Encoder: The JSCC encoder in this paper con-
sists of three consecutive blocks. Each block includes a
downsampling convolutional layer for video compression
and three residual layers. These components are designed
to encode the spatio-temporal commonality features from
the Spatio-Temporal Commonality Encoder and adapt to
channel conditions. It transforms semantic information into
codewords robust against channel noise and transmits them
through the channel.
2025 IEEE/CIC International Conference on Communications in China (ICCC Workshops)
Authorized licensed use limited to: BEIJING UNIVERSITY OF POST AND TELECOM. Downloaded on October 30,2025 at 06:19:50 UTC from IEEE Xplore.  Restrictions apply. 

===== PAGE 4 =====
Fig. 2. Network architectures of MVSC. (a) shows the overall architecture of MVSC, (b) illustrates the detailed architecture of 2D/3D Swin Transformer
Block, and (c)-(d) present the self-attention mechanism architectures of 2D and 3D Swin Transformer Block, respectively. Both the Individual Semantic
Encoder and Spatio-Temporal Commonality Encoder are composed of three stacked Patch Processing + Swin Transformer Blocks. The distinction lies
in that the Swin Transformer Block in the Individual Semantic Encoder is 2D, designed to capture the individual semantic information of single-frame
images, while the Spatio-Temporal Commonality Encoder employs 3D Swin Transformer Block to further fuse the spatio-temporal semantic information
of the spliced multi-view video frame groups after single-frame semantic extraction.
B. Channel
The wireless channel module is a non-trainable layer
connecting the transmitter and receiver. This paper mainly
uses the Additive White Gaussian Noise (AWGN) channel.
The influence of the wireless channel is determined by SNR.
C. Receiver
1) JSCC Decoder: The JSCC decoder in this paper has
a structure similar to the JSCC encoder, consisting of three
blocks, each with a transposed convolutional layer and three
residual layers.
2) Spatio-Temporal Commonality Decoder: This module
is symmetrical to the Spatio-Temporal Commonality En-
coder, transforming the channel-transmitted spatio-temporal
commonality features ˆSg into individual features ˆLg.
3) Individual Decoder: Symmetrical to the Individual
Encoder, it reconstructs ˆLg into multi-view video frames ˆXg,
which are sent to the output of the MVSC system.
IV. EXPERIMENTAL RESULTS
A. Experimental Setup
1) Datasets: The MVSC is trained on Harmony 4D
dataset [16] and a commercial dataset, which contains
137,000 multi-view synchronized video clips with diverse
scenes and actions, featuring 20 views. The datasets include
processed data with resolutions of 1920×1080(Dataset A)
and 3840×2160(Dataset B). During training, all of the 20
views are used, the GOP size is set to 4×4=16, meaning
each GOP includes 4 consecutive frames from 4 views,
randomly cropped to 256×256 pixels. After training, the
performance is evaluated using Harmony 4D test set and
commercial test set with resolutions of 1920×1080(TestData
A) and 3840×2160(TestData B).
2) Implementation Details: In all experiments, the chan-
nel dimension of JSCC codewords is 128. The MVSC is
trained based on the Mean Squared Error (MSE), and the
performance is tested using PSNR and MS-SSIM [17], which
are perceptual quality metrics. The calculation formulas are
as follows:
MSE(X, Y ) = 1
mn
m−1X
i=0
n−1X
j=0
[X(i, j) − Y (i, j)]2, (5)
PSNR(X, Y ) = 10 · log10
 1
MSE

, (6)
2025 IEEE/CIC International Conference on Communications in China (ICCC Workshops)
Authorized licensed use limited to: BEIJING UNIVERSITY OF POST AND TELECOM. Downloaded on October 30,2025 at 06:19:50 UTC from IEEE Xplore.  Restrictions apply. 

===== PAGE 5 =====
Fig. 3. Relationships between PSNR/MS-SSIM performance and CBR for different coding-decoding schemes under SNR=15 dB. MVSC achieves higher
reconstruction quality than traditional coding-decoding schemes at the same CBR. When maintaining equivalent reconstruction quality, MVSC requires
lower CBR, demonstrating MVSC enhances compression efficiency for multi-view video.
Fig. 4. PSNR and MS-SSIM performance versus the change of channel SNR
over AWGN channel. MVSC demonstrates outstanding noise immunity and
sustains reliable transmission quality in low-SNR scenarios, representing a
marked improvement over conventional coding schemes.
MS − SSIM(X, Y ) =
[LM (X, Y )]αM ·
MY
j=1
[Cj(X, Y ) · Sj(X,Y )]αj, (7)
M represents different dimensions, including luminance
LM (·), contrast Cj (·), and structure Sj (·). PSNR focuses
more on frame reconstruction accuracy, while MS-SSIM is
closer to human perceptual quality.
To measure the cost of communication resources, Works
in [18] proposed CBR, which is used here to measure the
communication cost of transmitting the GOP Xg. CBR is
defined as:
Kn = 1
N + 1
N +1X
n=1
kn
m , (8)
where m is the data volume of the uncompressed original
source. For an RGB image source, m can be calculated by
m = 3 × H × W , where H and W are the resolution of the
RGB image. Typically, CBR can be regarded as the channel
bandwidth cost for transmitting each piece of data through
the wireless channel. The higher the CBR, the more channel
bandwidth is used to transmit the same data. Therefore, for
the same communication performance, a lower CBR leads
to higher communication efficiency.
The hyperparameter λ is fixed at 8192 during training,
the initial learning rate is set to 10−4, which decreases
using the cosine annealing algorithm, and the batch size is
16. The training is conducted on an RTX 3090 ti GPU. It
should be noted that since the research focuses on digital
communication systems, semantic data transmission needs
to be quantized into bits. In this paper, 3-bit quantization is
applied to the encoding results of the semantic model.
3) Comparison Schemes: MVSC is compared with tra-
ditional video coding and transmission schemes, including
source coding H.264 and H.265, and channel coding LDPC.
In this paper, 1/2 LDPC code means half of the total code
length is used. Modulation schemes BPSK and 16QAM are
adopted for noise resistance and transmission efficiency.
B. Result Analysis
1) Performance under Different CBRs: Fig. 3 shows the
PSNR and MS-SSIM curves of various CBRs on two differ-
ent datasets. The experiment was conducted at SNR=15dB.
Since H.264/H.265 + 16QAM + 1/4 LDPC cannot operate at
low SNR levels, SNR=15dB was selected as the experimental
condition.
For the PSNR metric, MVSC outperforms the combination
of H.264/H.265 with BPSK + 1/2 LDPC and H.264 +
16QAM + 1/4 LDPC at both resolutions. MVSC is only
surpassed by H.265 + 16QAM + 1/4 LDPC when the CBR
is high and the transmission bandwidth is sufficient at the
1920×1080 resolution.
For the MS-SSIM metric consistent with human perceptual
quality, MVSC significantly exceeds H.264/H.265 combined
with BPSK + 1/2 LDPC and the transmission efficiency com-
bination of H.264 with 16QAM + 1/4 LDPC. Additionally,
similar to PSNR, MVSC is only outperformed by H.265 +
16QAM + 1/4 LDPC at one resolution with a high CBR.
Experimental results show that MVSC significantly im-
proves reconstruction quality at identical bitrates compared
to conventional schemes, while achieving comparable visual
quality with substantially reduced bitrate requirements. This
conclusively validates its breakthrough in multi-view video
compression efficiency.
2) Performance under Different SNRs: Fig. 4 illustrates
the PSNR and MS-SSIM curves on one dataset under varying
SNRs with a controlled CBR of 0.015. It can be observed
that MVSC performs well even in extremely harsh channel
conditions, with its performance gradually increasing as the
SNR rises. In contrast, traditional schemes exhibit a signifi-
cant cliff effect, failing to function properly when the SNR
is below a certain threshold. The bit errors uncorrected by
LDPC coding make it difficult for traditional video decoders
to correctly recover video frames, especially when these
errors occur in control bits.
2025 IEEE/CIC International Conference on Communications in China (ICCC Workshops)
Authorized licensed use limited to: BEIJING UNIVERSITY OF POST AND TELECOM. Downloaded on October 30,2025 at 06:19:50 UTC from IEEE Xplore.  Restrictions apply. 

===== PAGE 6 =====
Fig. 5. CBR and PSNR curves of MVSCs trained with different numbers
of views. ”MVSC with 4 views” indicates that the MVSC only uses 4 out of
the total 20 views during training, and the 4-view architecture is employed
to reconstruct the video frames of these 4 views.
The experiment demonstrates that MVSC exhibits out-
standing noise resistance capabilities and maintains robust
transmission performance even under low SNR conditions.
3) Extended Experiment: To quantify the impact of the
number of views on MVSC performance, measure the com-
pression efficiency of multi-view videos, and reveal the
importance of multi-view research content, an extended
experiment for different numbers of views is proposed. Fig.
5 shows the CBR and PSNR curves of MVSC trained with
different numbers of views by masking varying view counts
and controlling the number of views during training. ”MVSC
with 4 views” indicates that the MVSC only uses 4 out of the
total 20 views during training, and the 4-view architecture is
employed to reconstruct the video frames of these 4 views.
It can be observed that as the number of views increases, the
video reconstruction effect improves significantly. When all
20 views are used, the PSNR is much higher than that when
only 4 views are employed. Additionally, when the number
of views is small, increasing the number of views leads to a
remarkable improvement in PSNR.
The experiments validate the critical role of inter-view
common information in multi-view video transmission,
demonstrating that increasing the number of views enables
the integration of more spatiotemporal common features,
thereby achieving superior video reconstruction quality. Fur-
thermore, the results confirm the high efficiency of MVSC’s
architecture in leveraging inter-view correlations, presenting
a groundbreaking solution for multi-view video transmission.
V. C ONCLUSION
This paper proposes MVSC that fully leverages the cor-
relation among multi-view videos to reduce information
redundancy and improve transmission efficiency. By in-
troducing JSCC technology, the system’s noise resistance
is enhanced. Additionally, a hierarchical semantic coding
model is designed, which realizes layered semantic feature
extraction and fusion through an individual encoder and
a spatio-temporal commonality encoder. The hierarchical
strategy of local compression followed by global processing
enhances the compression efficiency and reconstruction qual-
ity of multi-view videos. Compared with traditional methods,
MVSC demonstrates remarkable performance in multi-view
video coding-decoding, reconstruction, and noise resistance.
REFERENCES
[1] D. Yun and K. Chung, “DASH-Based Multi-View Video Streaming
System,” IEEE Transactions on Circuits and Systems for Video Tech-
nology, vol. 28, no. 8, pp. 1974–1980, 2018.
[2] C. Lin, Y . Zhao, J. Xiao, and T. Tillo, “Region-Based Multiple
Description Coding for Multiview Video Plus Depth Video,” IEEE
Transactions on Multimedia, vol. 20, no. 5, pp. 1209–1223, 2018.
[3] M. Fresia, F. Per ´ez-Cruz, H. V . Poor, and S. Verd´u, “Joint Source and
Channel Coding,” IEEE Signal Processing Magazine, vol. 27, no. 6,
pp. 104–113, 2010.
[4] H. Xie, Z. Qin, G. Y . Li, and B.-H. Juang, “Deep Learning Enabled
Semantic Communication Systems,” IEEE Transactions on Signal
Processing, vol. 69, pp. 2663–2675, 2021.
[5] C. Dong, H. Liang, X. Xu, S. Han, B. Wang, and P. Zhang, “Semantic
Communication System Based on Semantic Slice Models Propaga-
tion,” IEEE Journal on Selected Areas in Communications, vol. 41,
no. 1, pp. 202–213, 2023.
[6] S. Fan, H. Liang, C. Dong, X. Xu, and G. Liu, “A Specific Task-
Oriented Semantic Image Communication System for Substation Pa-
trol Inspection,” IEEE Transactions on Power Delivery, vol. 39, no. 2,
pp. 835–844, 2024.
[7] J. Dai, S. Wang, K. Tan, Z. Si, X. Qin, K. Niu, and P. Zhang,
“Nonlinear Transform Source-Channel Coding for Semantic Com-
munications,” IEEE Journal on Selected Areas in Communications,
vol. 40, no. 8, pp. 2300–2316, 2022.
[8] W. Yang, Z. Xiong, Y . Yuan, W. Jiang, T. Q. S. Quek, and M. Deb-
bah, “Agent-Driven Generative Semantic Communication With Cross-
Modality and Prediction,” IEEE Transactions on Wireless Communi-
cations, vol. 24, no. 3, pp. 2233–2248, 2025.
[9] P. Samarathunga, Y . Ganearachchi, T. Fernando, A. Jayasingam,
I. Alahapperuma, and A. Fernando, “A Semantic Communication and
VVC Based Hybrid Video Coding System,” IEEE Access, vol. 12, pp.
79 202–79 224, 2024.
[10] J. Dai, S. Wang, K. Yang, K. Tan, X. Qin, Z. Si, K. Niu, and
P. Zhang, “Toward Adaptive Semantic Communications: Efficient
Data Transmission via Online Learned Nonlinear Transform Source-
Channel Coding,”IEEE Journal on Selected Areas in Communications,
vol. 41, no. 8, pp. 2609–2627, 2023.
[11] H. Zhang, Z. Bao, H. Liang, Y . Liu, C. Dong, and L. Li, “Diffusion-
Based Wireless Semantic Communication for VR Image,” in 2024
IEEE/CIC International Conference on Communications in China
(ICCC Workshops), 2024, pp. 639–644.
[12] X. Liu, H. Liang, Z. Bao, C. Dong, and X. Xu, “A Semantic Com-
munication System for Point Cloud,” IEEE Transactions on V ehicular
Technology, vol. 74, no. 1, pp. 894–910, 2025.
[13] S. Wang, J. Dai, Z. Liang, K. Niu, Z. Si, C. Dong, X. Qin, and
P. Zhang, “Wireless Deep Video Semantic Transmission,” IEEE Jour-
nal on Selected Areas in Communications, vol. 41, no. 1, pp. 214–229,
2023.
[14] Z. Bao, H. Liang, C. Dong, C. Li, X. Xu, and P. Zhang, “MD-
VSC—Efficient Wireless Model Division Video Semantic Commu-
nication,” IEEE Internet of Things Journal, 2024.
[15] K. Yang, S. Wang, J. Dai, X. Qin, K. Niu, and P. Zhang, “SwinJSCC:
Taming Swin Transformer for Deep Joint Source-Channel Coding,”
IEEE Transactions on Cognitive Communications and Networking,
vol. 11, no. 1, pp. 90–104, 2025.
[16] R. Khirodkar, J.-T. Song, J. Cao, Z. Luo, and K. Kitani, “Harmony4D:
A Video Dataset for In-The-Wild Close Human Interactions,” 2024.
[17] Z. Wang, E. Simoncelli, and A. Bovik, “Multiscale structural simi-
larity for image quality assessment,” in The Thrity-Seventh Asilomar
Conference on Signals, Systems Computers, 2003, vol. 2, 2003, pp.
1398–1402 V ol.2.
[18] D. B. Kurka and D. G ¨und¨uz, “DeepJSCC-f: Deep Joint Source-
Channel Coding of Images With Feedback,” IEEE Journal on Selected
Areas in Information Theory, vol. 1, no. 1, pp. 178–193, 2020.
2025 IEEE/CIC International Conference on Communications in China (ICCC Workshops)
Authorized licensed use limited to: BEIJING UNIVERSITY OF POST AND TELECOM. Downloaded on October 30,2025 at 06:19:50 UTC from IEEE Xplore.  Restrictions apply. 